yeah mio-chan same but not too much
about marketing football me and million
Joleen open a couple Fenton and just to
be in the atmosphere
it's unbelievable like probably the best
training ground of I've been to just
coming here and meeting some of the
players it's just unbelievable I just
signed a winners out the read-only
community just know that we've become to
work hard see all different people doing
the world and sort of training and just
just amazing were the best I'm sitting
my new this well so I'm gonna see the
facilities and you can see why that's
such a high level because it's just
amazing some of the guys had to go at
catching the ball her but she didn't act
didn't step up it was going million hi
did brother size do great to have Man
City out here at our facility we gave
them a nice tour it was fun seeing Eli
Manning throat toss footballs with some
of the guys some of the guys have good
hands the most interesting part was
probably your keeper Joel Hart catching
from the jugs machines are wide
receivers always use those jug machines
after practice and to see him catch on
the balls maybe he can use that to kind
of practice and help him with this with
his skills as a goalkeeper you know
always good to welcome a club like Man
City to New York and have them out in
our facilities I think it's a win it's a
win-win our players got to talk to them
they gave our players some tips our
players gave them gave them some tips
it's always good to exchange your ideas